welcome to the kitchen 123 beer
chocolate and beer
it is hard not to like right in this episode
you teach how to prepare a good
chocolate with cream filling
peanuts and beer
Is it okay to be with me and let's go?
everything is as usual and 123 hp a
We do this subject crisis pass
make this tape in few ingredients
complexes already the microwave to melt
the chocolate goes on what you go
need chocolate bittersweet cream
type beer peanut was
besides these ingredients you also
will need these by field lines
that my silicone action
but if you want you can use that
paper also works well
the beer that we will use is a
Beer capital
this is the way it would not be a cocktail
a beer that has the ingredients in the
faith and also speaks of vanilla then goes
combine well with a goal
Good first thing we have to do
is melting the chocolate is already here a
park can read chronicles
we will put it from 30 on 30 next
microwave to stir until melted
completely
Now that you've been arrested, come on.
prepare our peanut butter in
beer
I'm using here a cream of
peanut I made at home I got
no one skinned and hits the processor
from that lira this line folder but if
You can buy ready on the
market and can even use will now be
all that radio has
behind the iconic good then I'll get
a bowl put that cream of
peanut
I'll put it free
the name brabeth here beer and the brave
on Sunday will be filling our good
now that our guild is ready
who is here I am going to say that
I was on the script but I was with
will
really is a copy is having a
technique up to law but beauty
Let's continue with the recipe now who
want to do is to prepare the basis of our
good we'll use here in the ant
I'll get a chocolate to make a
down here too.
spread around the edges
in the middle will be a defect
op as well as the country has all and places
in the freezer to come will be a
10 minutes beyond the cold the temperature
to streamline the process and now the
people will fill in and then put more
chocolate on top to close the lid
There is a little bit that I did well.
little ass right
he is sad that they do not have after that
yea
not put too high because it delivered to the
chocolate and prize for leaning on the edge
again and I also know about this quiet
I have analyzed here the last contact of the votes
believable images 10 minutes to me
get back to being hard to become
our mouth
now that the cap has already stiffened
primes our mood and satire forminha
and eating actually that good mood is
inspired by chocolate luises for whom
Do not you know it's a chocolate so one?
A lot of chocolate with respect and
peanut butter
but now that's a version with beer
is not in our bonbon closed with
Peanut butter beer as you saw it
it's easy and quick to make yourself look good
to come by your house and take a
photo send it to us and do not forget to
enjoy and share your friends if
sign in more often you do not
watched liked and until the next
we have a pilot inside to sign up
on the channel down here
here on the side there are more videos for you
here on the side there is more is not that
There's more for you to watch.